---
title: 'Monday, January 17'
date: '1994-1-17'
---
In the early morning, there is an article called "Music and Information" in the "Research" magazine. It is a bit interesting. The development of modern science is increasingly using some new disciplines and concepts to explain the phenomena that already exist in society, trying to find new things from them. The difficulty with this type of article is to discover what's really new, and don't use new concepts to discuss completely old things. Just redeem the old concept with a new concept without any creativity.

To the Oriental Research Institute. W public said that the socialist market economy can not only mention the allocation of resources, but must allocate resources. Marx is talking about the distribution of change, and Ricardo focuses on distribution. I have spoken a few times, but I have to insist on it. China is currently in a "transitional period". To be stable, we must combine development and stability. The market economy must pay special attention to legalization and standardization, and fully develop under the macro-control. The relationship between the central and local governments is important, that is, political integration, and China’s development cannot be discussed without unity and stability.

W public said: Xiaozhi is good at governing things, great wisdom is good at employing people, and wisdom is good at legislation.

Finally, the basic research direction of the Oriental Research Institute will be determined next year: gray economy, anti-corruption, standardization of government work, socialist democracy and human rights, and cultural issues. Countermeasure research is the mainstay, and theoretical research should be innovative. It’s snowing outside, snowing back, fighting with the sky, and it’s fun.