---
title: 'Wednesday, January 19'
date: '1994-1-19'
---
Looking at the "Reading" magazine in the early morning, there is an article that seems to be "You can't accept it", which is a comment on a movie. The movie is called "Beijing Hybrid" and is said to be the masterpiece of the "Sixth Generation Director". Some of them are confusing, there are no stories, no plots, and it is said that a person is peeing clearly and clearly. In China, this film has not been released, and it is said that it has attracted a lot of attention abroad, and invited to participate in the international film festival. The fun of foreigners here, the more peculiar, the more official it is not recognized, the more they think it is valuable, and sometimes they do make jokes.

Write an article in The Revelation of the Lion City, and write about the training of logical ability and value ability. Logical power is a force in the training process and is the least technical part of progress. Value ability is not something that can be practiced at once. At that time, training only provided some basic values ​​and was somewhat pragmatic. In the future, how much the debaters receive depends on everyone. The logical ability of the debate is the most basic ability, and all other capabilities and logic capabilities are closely related. Many people discuss a lot of debate skills, but they don't realize the importance and fundamental meaning of logical ability, so there can be no good debaters.

I went home at 10:30 in the evening and put the second half of the "Kyoto Chronicle" on the TV. After the first half was finished, the reaction was not good. First, there are too many "soft advertisements". It is natural to be boring to watch for a few minutes. Second, the drama contradictions and conflicts are too artificial. When they meet, they quarrel and are not human. It seems that there are no good people, and there are also pockets. Third, the drama conflict is too formatted and has been separated from life. It is entirely a conceptual conflict. I don’t know how to shoot in the second half, I will wait and see.