---
title: 'February 6th Sunday'
date: '1994-2-6'
---
See Japanese guests in New Jinjiang. He said that the Japanese side is now most concerned about the fact that the Chinese economy is now liberalized, and how political democratization will work with it in the future. I think he is afraid that in the process of democracy, China will have problems, which will affect Japan. Unlike some people in the West, talking about this issue is putting pressure on China.

He said that when he came to China and walked down the street, he saw that the Chinese people were cheerful and the market was prosperous. Every time they came, they all changed a lot. The Japanese economy is currently experiencing some troubles. Japan is actually a "socialist country." The administrative department is very rude to many problems. Even the movement of a station must be approved by the central authorities. In Japan’s current political leadership group, Hosokawa sings and director Ozawa. This time, the discussion about political system reform and the discussion of tax reform were actually directors of Ozawa and Hosokawa. Many people have this view. The coalition government has differences in the tax system. The Socialist Party has different opinions on the collection of consumption tax. He believes that it will not lead to division and coordination. In the case of poor economic development, we must first improve the tax reduction reform. After that, the economic development momentum is good, and tax is added. The current coordination is generated from this strategy.