---
title: 'Wednesday, February 16'
date: '1994-2-16'
---
Read "Distorted People." The story seems to be general, a little deliberate description of the original sexual feelings and commotion, the style is very interesting, written in the western language, there is no lack of humor and humor, but sometimes the object of being described is too poor, mostly ordinary farmers and rural cadres. I dare not say that this is not the case, but I dare not say that it is actually the case.

The Oriental Research Institute discussed the issues to be grasped. The general idea is: There are always questions about the speed. The problem is that people who are smart are standing on contradictions, and those who are not smart are on the side of contradiction. The main question now is how to maintain stability in 1994. The main problems this year are finance, business and agriculture. Rural issues are more worrying.

The Oriental Research Institute has decided to study: the mechanism of macroeconomic regulation and control, the balance and imbalance of economic development, mainly finance; government management, including democratic centralism, concentration and democracy are not enough, so there are many problems that should not arise; agriculture, The problem of agriculture has problems with natural conditions this year, and some people have problems, mainly management; there are also Hong Kong issues and social ideology.

Everyone is discussing and determining the research ideas of the Oriental Research Institute this year.