---
title: 'Thursday, February 17th'
date: '1994-2-17'
---
Recently, the international community has not been calm and the incident has continued. The main ones are:

● The issue of Bosnia and Herzegovina is still serious. NATO has issued an ultimatum. It is necessary to withdraw heavy weapons from Sarajevo in all aspects, or it will launch an air strike. Recently, there have been many bloodsheds among the civilians, and the entire area is not lived. But this all-nighter also caused contradictions among the parties. Russia felt that the West could not exclude itself from the table that solved the problem of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It remains to be seen how the problem will develop. However, a country that has developed into such a situation is torn apart and is a catastrophe for the people.

● The elections in South Africa are still the focus of the struggles of the various factions. The ANC is one party, and the Inkata is one party. What kind of outcome will the election have. Inkata stated that it would boycott the general election and put forward conditions. The non-national conference will not give in. The white extreme organization also opposes the general election. This is a country in transition. The problem is that South Africa is a political transformation, unlike some countries that are doing economic transformation. Economic restructuring, political stability is a key, but there is no precondition for political transformation. Of course, after the economy is fairly developed and independent, the economy itself can be a condition for political transformation.

● North Korea’s nuclear power has always been a concern for Western countries, and North Korea should be included in Western logic. North Korea has been insisting that a few days ago, sanctions meant a declaration of war. However, today it seems to agree with international agencies to inspect its nuclear facilities. The main concern is Japan. Due to this kind of psychology in Japan, the United States is worried that Japan will become a nuclear power. Japan stated that there is no such plan. However, Japan has no problem in technically achieving this. It has enough flaws, enough technology, and recently launched rockets. There is a balance problem.

● The trade negotiations between Japan and the United States broke down, and Hosokawa went to the United States without any concessions. The United States is preparing to retaliate, and it is necessary to announce a list of retaliation against Japan within a day, which may be a mobile phone or the like. Japan said that there is nothing wrong with it. If the United States retaliates, don’t expect to do trade negotiations in the future. Therefore, the United States is nervous again, and it is not daring to launch it. After the end of the Cold War, Japan’s dependence on the United States was greatly reduced and the economy developed. I have been clamoring to say "no" to the United States. This time I have the courage to say it. Probably the route of Ozawa. People tend to be easily coordinated in times of crisis, and they have to make a living in the world of peace. There is a saying called "rabbit dead dog cooking", the American feeling is ", rabbit dead dog fierce."

The international community has never been calm. The question is how to choose, is it to choose a big unrest? Or choose dozens of small unrest?