---
title: 'Sun on Sunday 27 February'
date: '1994-2-27'
---
After reading "Deng Xiaoping in 1976." This book does not seem to have a theoretical concept, the material has, but the value judgment criteria before and after are not uniform. The judgment of the value of a specific event is not uniform. It seems that in a profound contradiction, it is mainly a psychological and cultural contradiction. When there is an authoritative book, everyone has a clear concept of history.

Write an article about the market economy and analyze how to adapt to the establishment of a market economic system from a political perspective. Last year, I published a paper discussing "new power structure", followed by "new political functions", "new political resources" and "new political procedures." In line with the establishment of the market economic system, how should political development be done? This issue is a medium- and long-term problem. As society progresses, it will become more and more important.

The article proposes that "new political function" is mainly political supply. The political supply is summarized into the supply of authority, supply of the system, supply of the legal system, supply of policy, supply of value, supply of order, and supply of guarantees.

In addition, three transformations of current political management are proposed:

The general induction is: the government's management of the economy has changed from micro-management to macro-management, from direct management to indirect management, from planned regulation to market regulation. From the perspective of new political functions, the functional transformation of the political system can be summarized as follows: The new political function requires the political system:

1. From element management to program management. Under the planned economic system, the management of social and economic development by the political system is mainly based on factor management, especially the management of material factors, and the management is completed through the specific planning and distribution of specific material elements. Under the model of the market economic system, the political system can no longer do elemental management. If this is the case, the establishment of a market economic system will not have the necessary premise. The elements will be distributed through the market. The most typical examples are mechanisms such as metal exchanges, food exchanges, stock exchanges, and coal exchanges. The elements are properly circulated here. In addition to maintaining the necessary control (in order to ensure a smooth transition of the system), the political system no longer manages the elements. The main function of the political system will be the management of the program, that is, through what reasonable procedures the various elements will achieve the most efficient and fair transactions in the society, all transactions must be controlled in the direction of promoting social development.

2. From internal management to external management. Under the traditional system, the management of economic activities by the political system is basically internal management, that is, government agencies directly enter the entire production process and the management of the transaction process. To put it bluntly, the government has become the manager of the super-enterprise group, the whole country. The various companies form a super-enterprise group that operates under government operations. Obviously, no government can adapt to such management because the government and political system are ultimately made up of people, and people's potential is limited. Such a large-scale enterprise group, do not say that the whole operation under the well-organized plan is that it is not easy to maintain in general. The key is that "established behavior is constrained". This is the external management of the political system. Without this, orderly market order and economic development are difficult to exist.

3. From insurance management to assurance management. Under the management of the planned economy, the management of the political system has the nature of insurance management. The political system has become the "insurance company" of the whole society. For each economic unit and social unit, it is ultimately the function of insurance for each individual. Production, circulation, exchange to distribution, from individual birth, employment to welfare and living conditions, comprehensive insurance. Under such a system, efficiency efficiency cannot be an indicator of major economic development and social development. The political system has direct and ultimate responsibility for the existence and development of all units and individuals. This broad and direct responsibility relationship prevents the political system from transcending economic direct management and micro-management. Under the system of market economy, the political system will gradually change the status of this "insurance company". This part of the function should be undertaken by economic units and individuals, or by social institutions. The basic function of the political system should be guaranteed.

In the evening, Y Jun came to bring the "Ma She" of Nantong's native products, and remembered the life in Dafeng Village 20 years ago.