---
title: 'Wednesday, March 2'
date: '1994-3-2'
---

At midnight, TV put a French film "Pushing the Guillotine" by two famous French movie stars, an actor who seems to be the "Les Miserables" of Jean Valjean, one is Alain Delon . The storyline is a person released from the prison. He wants to be a new person. However, under the various regulations of the society, he cannot fulfill his own wishes. Finally, he was forced by a policeman to kill the policeman. Push the guillotine. The style of this film typically reflects French culture and is a purely French-style film. It reflects a sense of "intervention" in French cinema, which is the meaning of life emphasized by Sartre's existentialism. The political color is very strong. Critique of French social traditions and bureaucratic mechanisms. The problem is that such a situation exists in many societies. Is this a general rule of human society? For example, the film reflects that the criminals released by France cannot live in large cities, go to small cities, and regularly The police station reports and provides pay slips. If they don't have one, they can't live. The police are always skeptical about these people. The police use a coercive force to achieve their goals, and so on. So called "Pushing the Guillotine." Instead of going to the guillotine, they were pushed onto the guillotine.

Look at an article in "Tianjin Social Science" about the top ten challenges of contemporary world sovereignty. This problem has become a core issue in today's world. Although it has not yet formed a hot spot in theory, there have been a lot of contradictions in real political and international relations. After the end of the Cold War, the status of sovereignty was even more noticed.

