---
title: 'March 3rd Thursday'
date: '1994-3-3'
---

In class, talk about the staging of Western political thought. My approach is to use methodologies or worldviews. From ancient times to modern times, the four main methods of ethical worldview, theological worldview, the legal worldview, and the sociological worldview are divided, thus dividing western political thought into two.

Four main stages. At each stage there is a dominant methodology that dominates political thinking and general thinking in a given period. This methodology is subjective and objective. That is to say, individuals are not easy to detach from such macro logic. Although thinkers of a certain period of time can have different views on different political issues, it is difficult to break away from the general worldview in terms of methodology. Because people are always the product of a certain era. Such a division is a family and there are other research methods.

Go to the center of Japan and arrange a question for the consultant of the Matsushita company in Japan. It seems that foreigners are coming too much. It is not easy to find some listeners for a lecture. It may also be that many people are not interested in knowledge, or that foreigners cannot speak to the extent that Chinese can understand. However, I found that all foreign professors, except a few, always can't speak, no content and logic, too shallow. Maybe they think we understand this. Otherwise, the teaching level of Chinese universities is higher than them.

