---
title: 'March 6th Sunday'
date: '1994-3-6'
---

Writing articles on cultural hegemony and cultural sovereignty, analyzing a new direction of sovereign development. The basic point is:

Cultural factors are traditional variables in international relations, but they differ in importance at different times. The general logic is that cultural, economic, and military factors dominate, and the role of cultural factors is small, and vice versa. The end of the Cold War has precisely created a situation in which the role of political and military factors in international relations has declined relatively, and the slack political and military competition has created an opportunity for the rise of the status of cultural factors. It is not that the cultural factors of the past do not exist, or are not obvious, but that the "hard power" such as politics and military suppresses the possibility of cultural factors in international relations, and culture is "soft power." The cultural contradiction of human society has not disappeared under the situation of fierce political and military competition, but has relegated to a secondary position. The potential and obvious cultural contradictions are not resolved, but are suppressed. Once this political and military pressure is weakened, cultural conflicts and contradictions will emerge and even be revealed in an expanded manner. This is also a rebound in the international hegemonic politics of the objective forces of international relations. So in the post-Cold War era, cultural factors are becoming more and more important.

The new trends of cultural factors in international relations have the following two forms of expression: First, the concept of "cultural sovereignty" prevails. Cultural factors have played a role in international relations after the Cold War. The second is the strategic formation of "cultural hegemony". International cultural conflicts are increasingly evident. From the general situation of developing countries, the main task of the main body is to maintain "cultural sovereignty." From the perspective of developed countries, the main purpose is to strive for "cultural hegemony." Therefore, there is a so-called "cultural imperialism" concept. "Cultural sovereignty" and "cultural hegemony" are still phenomenological problems. The deeper problem is the challenge to the concept of national sovereignty, or the challenge to the essence of the state.

