---
title: 'Wednesday, March 7'
date: '1994-3-7'
---

Discuss the outline of Deng Xiaoping's theory and practice research series at the party school. An outline of the progress of the new technological revolution and historical materialism was discussed. My point is that Deng Xiaoping’s contribution to historical materialism

Dedication is such a logic: Marx believed that the production mode of capitalism had reached its peak, and the development of productive forces had to break through the shackles of old production relations, so he focused his attention on changing production methods and breaking old state machines. Later, both Lenin and Stalin paid attention to the aspect of production mode, which was also in line with Marx's original intention, because it was a socialist revolution in a country with less developed capitalism. Mao Zedong basically focused on the mode of production, focusing on the transformation of production methods, including the reasons why he later made some mistakes. Deng Xiaoping summed up the lessons learned, summed up the laws governing the development of the international community, and proposed to use productivity as the development center and promote the realization and consolidation of socialism with the development of social productive forces. Only then can there be other reforms and open measures.

In class, discuss "Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism", this book can understand the cultural and ethical issues in the development of capitalism. Now if someone writes a book on Confucian Ethics and Socialist Spirit, it will probably be a sensation. In this book, Weber raises the question of instrumental rationality and value rationality, which is instructive to many people. Administrative management reads "The History of Management Thoughts" and understands the development process of different management thought schools. One thing to say is that from the perspective of management science, all management is the same. Whether it is administrative management or economic management, our aim is to find something valuable to administrative management in other management laws.

