---
title: 'March 15th Tuesday'
date: '1994-3-15'
---

Write an article about the image of the government:

Focusing on value, a definition and five elements are proposed. The definition is: the image of the government, which means the overall performance of certain government system functions. The evaluation of the government image comes from two aspects: one is the overall quality of the government system itself in its own operation, or the quality index of government regulation, and the other is the recognition of the operation process and results of the government system in the evaluation of the public value. index.

The elements present value, credibility, efficiency, fairness and integrity. Reputation is very important. The government must attach great importance to its own credibility, just as a perfect enterprise should pay attention to its own credibility. The credibility of the government has a similar place to the credibility of the company. The credibility of an enterprise is determined by the relationship between the product and the market of the enterprise. If there is no credibility, there is naturally no market, and the enterprise itself naturally has no room for existence and development. The government's credibility is the same. If the government does not have credibility, it will lose the people's psychological identity and support, and the government's own energy will be limited. What is the credibility of the government? The credibility of the government is, in general, the practice of the government’s overall promise to the people it governs. China is a socialist country and is the highest goal of the government in the interests of all the people. The ruling party and the government as a whole have promised to serve the people. This is also the goal that the Chinese Communists have been fighting for for a long time. There is an obligation to practice this overall promise. Whether the government's promise can be realized in daily management and government activities is the most basic factor for the government to have credibility. The overall promise of the government must be completed by the various institutions that constitute the system. Every government agency, whether it is a high-level institution or a grassroots organization, every administrative staff, whether it is a senior cadre or a junior cadre, must achieve the overall situation in their own practice. promise. The overall promise is decomposed into governments at all levels. Governments at all levels have also undertaken their promises in their own activities. Therefore, government officials at all levels must practice and promise. This will shape the perfect image of the government. Without this article, government officials cannot serve the people wholeheartedly. If they do not put the interests of the people in the highest position, put their own private interests first, or neglect their duties, the government image will naturally not be tall, because the most basic premise does not exist. It is.

Political commitment is a concept worthy of development and may be the logical starting point for establishing Chinese political philosophy.

