---
title: 'Saturday, March 19'
date: '1994-3-19'
---

I went to the Garden Hotel and discussed with several Japanese scholars. The theme of the discussion was "China and Japan in the 21st Century." The basic arguments of Japanese scholars are: Ozawa's goal is to establish a new conservative politics, a stable bipartisan politics. In the future, Japanese politics should change the face of no one to assume responsibility before, become a kind of politics with political responsibility, and then change frequently. I asked how such bipartisan politics can be achieved because the Liberal Democratic Party seems to be a relatively clear political party, and who is the other big party? The current coalition party seems to be incompetent. The Liberal Democratic Party has a strong social foundation, and the coalition government does not. How to develop a political force that can compete with the Liberal Democratic Party?

Another Japanese scholar, who is the director of a Chinese office at a banking research institute, said that Japan’s investment in China is rising, but people still have some concerns, mainly because they cannot keep up with development in terms of environment and facilities. It is also doubtful about China's legal system. It is not as good as the Southeast Asian countries and the "four small".

We talked about the big ideas of China's economic development, talked about the inevitable trend of the current heavy chemical industry and the trend of urbanization, and the significance of these developments for the Japanese economy to invest in China.

The discussion was still very enthusiastic, because there were few people, so it was a relatively open discussion in such academic conferences, and got some new information.
