---
title: 'April 9th ​​Saturday'
date: '1994-4-9'
---

To the Academy of Social Sciences, Professor Z of the Central Research Institute of Taiwan and Professor W of Stanford University of the United States came to Shanghai to discuss the questionnaire of the "South China Rural Social Life Survey" with us. It is here that they are not very familiar with the situation on the mainland, and some problems are set up without investigation. However, this is also a very interesting cultural difference, and it also reflects the differences in China's cultural development.

If a question asks, "Do you have any own business in your home?" This question cannot actually be answered because in the current economic development of China, your family's business includes multiple meanings, which may be the industry of its own capital management. It may be an industry that invests in business with others, and may be a collective industry that is contracted to operate, and so on. Under these different forms, there will be different influences on the life of the peasants, as well as different economic significance. It also has different meanings for this anthropological-based research. After we explained it, they understood.

If there is a question, "After you have worked in this unit for many years, do you want to have a pension? Everyone thinks this is a question that you don't need to ask. Who doesn't want a pension? Designing this question is a professor at the Department of Political Science at Stanford University. There is a political meaning, that is, in the process of economic development, such pressure will gradually increase, gradually becoming a kind of political pressure, and the modern consciousness of farmers is also strengthening. But China’s own pension system is also Change, in the direction of socialization, how can we infer the political significance from here?

Another question is: "How many hours do you watch TV in a day?" But if you consider the frequent blackouts in rural areas, the conclusions you may draw will be biased, it will be an objective structure, but the subjective choice. It is not accurate.

