---
title: 'Wednesday, May 18'
date: '1994-5-18'
---

I went to the Tokyu area of ​​Shinjuku, which left a deep impression on me and was a major creation in the history of modern architecture. I smoked two cigarettes there and watched this huge building complex.

Dinner with Japanese scholars at night. They talked about the development of Japan's political situation. I also asked some questions. The basic points are summarized as follows:

In the turbulent situation in the previous period of Japan’s political situation, Hosokawa suddenly announced his resignation as prime minister, causing instability in Japan’s political situation. The coalition government split in the process of brewing a new prime minister. The Socialist Party separated from the coalition government. At the same time, the Liberal Democratic Party also undergone internal changes. Watanabe Miyoshi once separated from the Liberal Democratic Party. Although it was not separated, it caused the Liberal Democratic Party. Severe cracks. It is generally believed that the current political situation in Japan is not stable and important changes will occur.

At present, the coalition regime is not a majority in Congress, only 182 seats, while the Liberal Democratic Party has 206 seats and the Socialist Party has 74 seats. Such a pattern is unfavorable to the coalition. This situation is against the coalition and What impact will Japan’s domestic politics have?

They said that the current political situation in Japan should be said to be stable. It is not as unstable and short-lived as the newspaper said. The Haneda regime will be longer-term. The reasons are:

At present, the Japanese political structure has formed a structure similar to that of the Liberal Democratic Party. The various factions are standing apart, and the big faction determines the development of the political situation. The coalition regime currently has the largest factional status. In the era of the Liberal Democratic Party, the Liberal Democratic Party was divided into five major factions, such as Tanaka, Takeshita Tosei, and Ozawa Ichiro. At the time, Tanaka and Takeshita were the biggest factions. They decided the ownership of the Prime Minister, and other factions had no power. The political structure of the Liberal Democratic Party era is actually: the largest political faction dominates. This is still the basic spirit of Japanese politics. The current coalition is actually the largest political faction, and the principle of the political game in the Liberal Democratic Party era is the same, with the right to decide the candidate for the prime minister.

Although the Liberal Democratic Party and the Socialist Party have quite a few seats, they cannot agree to jointly deal with the coalition. The reason is that they have been divided into various factions within the Party. The Socialist Party is divided into two parties. The LDP is divided into three factions. It is difficult to maintain on some major issues. Consistent. On some policy issues, such facts have occurred. For example, the tax reform of the coalition government, the Haidip faction and the Watanabe in the Liberal Democratic Party are supported by 70-80 people. The Socialist Party is also supported by the Socialist Party. People around. And the coalition is unified, though only

There are 182 people, not an absolute majority, but the same strength is greater than the other two parties.

The future of Japanese politics is the development of the two-party system envisaged by Ozawa. This is the most ideal situation. The last two major parties are the political parties that the Liberal Democratic Party and the coalition forces have gathered together. Ichiro Ozawa believes that the Liberal Democratic Party and the Socialist Party will split. At present, the various parties within the coalition regime are united and unanimously established the "reform of the new party" and the "new new party" will be established in the future. It is estimated that the Socialist Party’s right-wing MPs and the Liberal Democratic Party’s members of the Watanabe may participate in the “reform of the new party”. The reason why the coalition government is not eager to establish a "new new party" is to wait for the separation force in the Liberal Democratic Party and the Socialist Party. It is estimated that they must be separated.

The political reform plan to be implemented in the future, the small constituency system will be beneficial to the coalition regime, but the key is that the coalition government must control the votes of the city so that it can gain an advantage in the congress.

