---
title: 'May 19th Thursday'
date: '1994-5-19'
---

From the hotel at 6 o'clock in the morning, take the bus to the airport, everything went well. Arrived in Shanghai by the ANA NH919.

This visit to Japan gave a general impression. Due to the development of China's social economy, all walks of life in Japan are currently optimistic about China, and thus their understanding of the importance of China has been strengthened. Compared with the past, the Japanese mass media has increased the enthusiasm for reporting on China issues. However, in general, Japan has a complicated contradiction with China. On the one hand, it looks down on China and does not want China to develop to avoid the formation of actual competitors, especially in the Asia-Pacific region. On the other hand, Japan also I hope that China can develop, so that China can maintain stability and not cause turmoil, which is also beneficial to Japan. Under this contradictory state of mind, Japan’s policy toward China and its attitude toward China are contradictory: in the economy, it gives China a certain amount of support to gain market, but at the same time it is not the key to high-tech and national economic development. The field supports China's development; politically, on the one hand, it hopes to maintain a good relationship with China, on the other hand, it has formed alliances with Western countries to maintain pressure on China. "China threat theory" has a certain market in Japan.

From the current general development trend, and because of China's strong development momentum, Japan hopes to maintain good relations with China, at least peace.

