---
title: 'May 27th Friday'
date: '1994-5-27'
---

The relationship between the central and local governments is an important issue in the process of China's development and modernization, and it must be studied. From a big country like China, an important method is to sort out the relationship between the central and local through the internal system construction of the ruling party, because the ruling party is the most important core force in the development of the entire society.

With regard to the ruling party, an important issue is the establishment of a system of democratic centralism, which is an important aspect of party building. We can no longer be satisfied with discussing the problem only in theory and principle, but studying the problem from the system and mechanism. From the power mechanism to solve the problem, I am afraid it is the most important. In the past, saying that democracy is more or more concentrated is a statement that is constantly changing according to the situation and is not necessarily accurate. Because from the perspective of democratic centralism, it is not a question of more democracy and more concentration. Whether it is the central or local, no matter how the power is distributed, the most important thing is to use democratic centralism to solve problems and exercise power. The distribution of central and local affairs in specific management matters is not an institutional issue of democratic centralism, but a question of authority. Therefore, the basic problem is three aspects, the procedure of power operation, the division of power scope, and the responsibility of power behavior. This is a problem at three different levels. Democratic centralism solves the problem of the mechanism of power operation, that is, intra-party democracy. When Mao Zedong answered Huang Yanpei’s question that year, it was that we found the answer. This is democracy. The division of power scope solves the specific management scope of the central and local governments, which is divided according to the democratic centralism itself. The responsibility of power behavior is to say that those who have power must bear certain responsibilities, and there is no certain responsibility. This can be said clearly. But this problem is not easy to say clearly.

Regarding the reform of the political system, in the process of China's economic development, it must be continuously promoted, but it cannot be ups and downs. The improvement of the ruling party system is actually an important part of the political system reform.

