---
title: 'May 28th Saturday'
date: '1994-5-28'
---

Read "Mao Zedong inspects the north and south of the Yangtze River" and record the situation of Mao Zedong's inspection outside Beijing. Of particular interest was the one before the start of the Cultural Revolution and the time before the fall of Lin Biao. It can be seen from this that Mao Zedong is very vigilant about the development of the situation in the society and the struggle within the party, and is also good at using various methods to fight. At a major moment, he went to the field, and his whereabouts were uncertain. The average person did not know that he had been there. He also paid special attention to greeting the local leaders. He has a high degree of political vigilance, especially in the process of fighting Lin Biao. He suddenly decided to return to Beijing, all the way to non-stop, straight into Beijing, disrupted Lin Biao's "571 project." This cannot but be said to be the political sensitivity of the leader. However, in other respects, it can also be seen that his excessive alertness has led him to launch excessive political struggles within the party. Such as the struggle against Peng Dehuai, the struggle against Liu Shaoqi. and many more. This book does not analyze this issue.

Go to the beach to buy books, walk from "North Office", pass by Jingshan Park and the back of the Forbidden City. There are a lot of snack spots opened by foreigners there. The overall level is not high, the house is also simple, quite a feeling of great scenery. How to manage such problems has never found a good way to be convenient for the masses and order.

There are quite a few book stalls on the beach, and there are quite a few books, most of which are not available in Xinhua Bookstore, probably issued by another channel. I bought a few books, some new novels, and generally the taste that is currently popular.

There is a book about the "New Ten Days" written by the French, and I bought a book to read and hope that the French wrote. There are too many fake books like this now.

