---
title: 'Monday, June 6'
date: '1994-6-6'
---

Go to the book city near Peking University to go to "Amoy Book." The book city is characterized by a variety of books, and various publishers here to open a bookstore, you can get the latest books from various publishers. After turning it in the morning, I found that there are not many academic books in the real grade. There are so many books that are popular or profitable. China's book market is shrinking, not as good as it was a while ago, when the book market was very prosperous and social science books were particularly prosperous. Each publishing house has a large number of social science books, generally a large series of books, such as the "contemporary academic thoughts" of the translation publishing house, the "academic library" of Sanlian Bookstore, and the "going to the future" of Sichuan People's Publishing House. and many more. After the market changed, such a situation disappeared, and the large book series of various publishers could not be maintained. As a result, a large number of consumer books came up and occupied the market, and the current situation has emerged.

China is such a big country with a population of 1.2 billion. It is a mystery that some academic works cannot be sold in 2000. In the developed countries, it is often possible to sell millions of books of high quality. The reasons are manifold, such as the lack of market channels and so on. But the main reason is probably still spiritual. A nation does not pursue spiritual happiness and pursues physical happiness. Such things often happen. At the same time, this situation is also the inevitable development of society. It cannot be imagined that many people will spend a certain percentage of their money to buy books, especially ordinary people, when their living standards are still relatively low. The real need to buy books is now the intellectual class, while the intellectual class income is lower in society, and the rich people will not buy books. How can the book market thrive? It may be that the book market can really thrive after waiting for the economic and cultural level of the entire society to develop to a certain extent.

