---
title: 'Thursday, June 9th'
date: '1994-6-9'
---

This morning, I watched a video of a controversial film in the United States called "The Last Temptation." After the film was filmed at the time, it caused a fierce debate and protests from the religious circles. The United States had a very large parade and demanded a ban. The main plot is to describe Christ, but the development of the story is different from that described in the Bible. The main difference is that after Christ was crucified, God raised him, but he is no longer a saint, but a mortal, married, having children, and associated with several women. It is not determined in faith, but the will of Judas, who is believed to have sold Jesus, is more determined. In the end, he denounced that Jesus’ faith was not firm and gave up the will of God. This is of course different from the Bible, and there is also a "deaf" for Jesus. So it caused a strong protest from the Christian community. This is to use a sacred story to damage another sacred story.

I remembered the Cannibals I saw. This is a story based on the Jones religious case. Some people live in the forest, and one of them teaches them a special kind of religion, all under his control. Of course, such a religion is different from modern religion. It is more superstition and ignorance. It is a kind of control over the human soul, including the use of physical coercion to contain human will and reason. The question is, why do people need such sustenance? Why do people need faith? Especially for a ignorant doctrine, why do people devote themselves wholeheartedly, just like the case of David's sect in the United States. This may be analyzed from the psychological needs of people, and from the social environment of people. It is extremely puzzling to believe in this issue.

