---
title: 'Saturday, June 11'
date: '1994-6-11'
---

Turned over the book "Di Jing", this book is said to be a book after the "Abandoned Capital", after the "Abandoned Capital" after watching "Di Jing", the main character is also in the "Abandoned Capital". The style and technique also imitate the "Abandoned Capital." There are also many "here the author deletes the five crosses" and the like. But this book is not elegant in art and realm. Such a book still has a certain temptation to take advantage of people's curiosity. At present, China is forming a book market, but it is not a benign book market. In addition to the formal book channel, there is a large and sensitive library of books through which a large number of books are distributed. In cities across the country, there are a large number of book stalls, offering a variety of strange books, mostly used to attract the general readers. There are also books that are politically sensitive or controversial in art. Most people who sell books may not know the value of books. What they write about a book is not clear about the basic theme. The only criterion they judge is that the market is sold and can be sold.

This shows that books can have a market, the problem is how to make good books open to the market. One of the basic methods of opening the market is to make a good book form a psychological preference, form a kind of knowledge, and form a kind of knowledge charm. People don't need knowledge and thought, but people always choose knowledge and choice. In addition, on the issue of knowledge and thought, people also need to follow the crowd, without social guidance, people will never choose new knowledge and new ideas. It is impossible to let pragmatism promote people's choices in terms of knowledge and thought. If so, probably the opposite is true, and knowledge and thought will choose pragmatism.

Regarding the "..." technique, I really want to write a book, write a hundred words in front, and then the author deletes 400,000 words.

