---
title: 'Tuesday, June 14th'
date: '1994-6-14'
---

In the early morning, I read "The Mystery of the Stalin Era" and criticized Stalin from the opposite side, almost saying that Stalin was useless. This is the easiest thing to happen behind a great man. First, continue to maintain his prestige, to achieve a certain purpose, another tendency is to deny his merits to achieve another purpose. Society or history is often the choice between the two. But no matter how you choose, you can't get rid of great people. Without a great person, there is no history. Conversely, without history, there are no great people. The key is that history is

Who created it, people created history, and history often shaped great people.

In the evening, put an American movie "Bathroom Blood Case". Say the story of the collusion between the American underworld and the police. Among them, there is a person who engages in technical inventions, or who uses small technology to make small inventions. How he struggled with the police and the underworld in this process, there are laughs and meanings. Finally, the story of justice over evil. This is the inevitable outcome of such movies in the United States. The story is written in black, cruel, and ugly, and the final victory is always the so-called aspect of justice. This is also an inevitable requirement of social development. Without an elite group of society, it will encourage the society to go in the direction of evil, because this is not in the basic interests of society. As a ruling class, what is said here is the generalized ruling class, and finally it is an orderly society with a social order that conforms to their traditional standards of justice. Without this, no society can exist.

