---
title: 'Thursday, July 28th'
date: '1994-7-28'
---

Write an article about current corruption and propose the concept of "super corruption", which means:

In China, a current corrupt activity is becoming more and more serious and more and more common. Such activities are for the purpose of gaining economic or other benefits, sometimes with a "legitimate" cloak, and sometimes without such a cloak. They have two important characteristics. One is often done with the participation of certain public powers. The participation without public power can not achieve the purpose of obtaining benefits or excess benefits. Second, it often appears in the form of a group rather than in a personal way. Appears and has different characteristics than personal activities. In terms of understanding, people still have no unified understanding of their nature. Some people know better and some don't know. The key is that they are often organized and morphologically focused on the interests of the group, and generally do not directly seek personal interests. Of course, the interests of the group that it seeks will eventually be decomposed into personal interests.

I call this type of corruption activity "super corruption." The reason is "corruption" because it is actually the use of public power to achieve the interests of small groups, infringe on the overall interests of society and harm the interests of all people. The reason why they are "super" is that they are incomparable in terms of scale and nature. At the same time, their harmfulness and impact are beyond the reach of general corruption. This is what we have to pay special attention to at the moment.

"Super Corruption" currently has a variety of manifestations, mainly:

Organized fraudulent taxation, a "super corruption" with a high rate of crimes.

Organized smuggling, the rate of crimes is relatively high, and actual activities are relatively frequent. Organized smuggling activities have taken place in many parts of the country. The fundamental difference between organized smuggling and general smuggling is that they have the participation of "government departments" or certain power organs.

Organized fraud, that is, the manufacture of counterfeit and shoddy goods to obtain excess profits, if supported by public power, is an organized corruption activity. This kind of corruption has risen in recent years, causing great negative impact on the society and the people's interests have been seriously violated.

Organized to obtain, use the form of units to blackmail, or ask for bribes. Because it is not carried out in its own name, it has a large safety factor and concealment.

Organized encroachment is manifested in the occupation of state-owned assets. In the process of reform, due to the relatively flexible and open policies for economic activities, the basic methods and norms of management have not been determined for some new economic relations and economic forms. Therefore, many people have started activities to turn state-owned assets into group assets, and then turn the income of state-owned assets owned by groups into personal income. Such activities often have legal cloaks.

One of the key points of the current anti-corruption struggle should be "anti-corruption."

