---
title: 'Saturday, July 30'
date: '1994-7-30'
---

Continue to write articles on corruption, and analyze the characteristics of corruption in the second part. The characteristics of current corruption activities can be summarized as:

From the object point of view, the five types of worship, worship, smuggling, hedonic and greedy are still the main types, and most of the corrupt activities do not exceed these basic types on the object. While the first three types continue to constitute the main types of corruption activities, the incidence of the latter two types of corruption activities has increased significantly. With the development of the economy, corruption activities are not limited to the simple pursuit of money and material, often combined with pleasure and female color, the number of "colored corruption" and hedonic corruption rises.

In terms of attributes, in the personal orientation, the orientation of the skirt, the peer orientation and the group orientation, the group orientation has greatly increased in the case where the first three orientations continue to be the main orientation. Group orientation often tries to put on a "legal" cloak, and usually the number is more serious.

In terms of methods, the basic types of corruption, embezzlement, blackmail, power, and money fraud are still the most important ways of current corruption activities, and the way of cheating in money is aggravated. In the past, corruption activities concentrated on using power to obtain money. However, the new characteristics are that some corrupt activities are reversed, money is used to manipulate power, and even power is obtained. For example, the bribery wind between party and government organs is serious. There are a lot of people who have money to get through the joints and even run officials.

In terms of means, the means are developed to be concealed, advanced and "legalized." Some corrupt activities use relatively advanced methods, such as the use of computers and complex technical means, the concealment is relatively large. From a means of means, this is a "high-level" corruption activity. To fight against such corrupt elements, it is necessary to play chess. Otherwise, it will be difficult to strike hard.

In terms of the field, corruption has occurred in the fields of government management, economic management, business management and social management, but corruption activities in the field of government management and economic management are relatively concentrated, and the rate of crimes is relatively high. In particular, in terms of new economic activities, corruption activities combined with government management and economic management have increased. In the expansion of new economic activities, the new system is being formed, and there are still many loopholes; instead, the economic benefits that can be generated are larger than those in the general field, and some are even multiplied and hundreds of times larger, such as real estate and land leases. , foreign exchange trading, stock trading, futures trading, etc. The imperfect new system and the rapid growth of the new economic field leave a lot of room for corruption. A lot of corruption activities took place in these spaces, and the loopholes of imperfect and imperfect systems were drilled. The "prey" targeted by corruption activities is generally concentrated in money, resources, approvals, authorities, contracts, finances, positions, and opportunities. In the new economic field, more concentrated in land, foreign exchange, real estate development rights, Stock trading, futures, etc. This is a new feature of the development of corrupt activities.

