---
title: 'Sunday, July 31'
date: '1994-7-31'
---

Continue to write articles about current corruption, basically completed. The trend of corruption is thus grasped. The current corruption activities show the following trends: from low-level corruption to high-level corruption, from low-quality corruption to high-quality corruption, from low-level corruption to high-level corruption, from domestic corruption to overseas corruption. From single corruption to diverse corruption. Based on these trends, the proposed anti-corruption strategy should be:

Severely crack down on high levels of corruption. The amount of corruption involved is increasing, and the harm and loss caused to the country and society are unmatched by general corruption activities and often cannot be recovered. At present, there are more people who are daring, and there are many people who are taking risks. Due to the high risk of corruption, it is particularly necessary to give a severe blow.

Resolutely put an end to high quality corruption. High quality corruption may bring direct or indirect material benefits to the state and society. Corruption activities that do not materially benefit and gain power are more dangerous and seriously violate our basic political system and political purposes. If such activities spread, it will affect the nature of some political institutions and government agencies, as well as provide more favorable conditions for other types of corruption. In capitalist countries, this is a difficult problem that is difficult to cure. Whether it is politically or economically, or from the long-term stability of society, such corrupt activities must be severely eliminated. Such corruption activities are currently not occurring in large numbers. However, with the development of the market economy, the development will continue, and if no effective measures are taken, it may accelerate.

Strictly prevent high-level corruption. Although the occurrence of high-level corruption is small, if it occurs, the impact is much greater than the low-level corruption and is the focus of anti-corruption. There must be a definition of high-level corruption. The high-level corruption mentioned here refers to the corruption activities of cadres at or above the deputy ministerial level. Statistics show that in this context, corruption activities occur more frequently between the deputy to the ministerial level. The focus of anti-high-level corruption is on cadres within this scope. In fact, there are not many cadres in this range, and effective measures can be effectively controlled. Strictly preventing corruption at this level, there is also a demonstration role, "the upper beam is not right." If the cadres at this level are clean and fair, it can do more with less for the entire cadre team to prevent corruption. It is necessary to formulate management systems and regulations that are suitable for cadres at this level, and establish a special supervision mechanism, which is often unremitting.

Effectively overcome foreign corruption. In view of the rapid rise of overseas corruption activities, it is very necessary to conduct special research and establish mechanisms to effectively control overseas corruption activities. There are two forms of overseas corruption. One is pure foreign corruption. The whole process of corruption occurs and is completed outside the country. The second is transnational corruption, which takes place inside and outside the country. These two kinds of corruption activities are more difficult to control and prevent than purely domestic corruption, and it is more difficult to control purely foreign corruption. This is the anti-corruption countermeasure adopted by some corrupt elements. Chinese society is increasingly open, the economy is increasingly moving to the world, transnational economic activities are increasingly developed, and the incidence of corruption abroad will rise. How to effectively control and punish foreign corruption is especially worth studying.

Pay attention to stop all kinds of corruption. In the face of diversified corruption activities, on the one hand, we must have sufficient understanding and strengthen supervision and control over all areas of society, and we must not leave empty spots. On the other hand, we must have a variety of anti-corruption measures and measures to treat their own people. If we adopt only simple and single ways of thinking and struggles, we cannot truly punish and overcome all kinds of corrupt activities. It is necessary to study the characteristics and laws of various types of corruption, gradually eliminate corruption in some fields, and minimize the space of corruption. This is not only beneficial but also essential to the entire anti-corruption struggle.
