---
title: 'August 16th Tuesday'
date: '1994-8-16'
---

In the early hours of the morning, I made several dreams. The basic content is:

"I went to a place to find fish. The people there couldn't say it. I looked at it with a telescope. I saw a tricycle with fish on it. What kind of vegetables are under the fish. At a square, there are many people in the square. Performing costumes from all ages, from the 1950s to the present. Later on the parade, we were in front of the team, many people took pictures and stared at us. There was a woman in the command, one person saw three, four people eight I have an office in the office, there is a table inside, I see the old table, check the drawer, throw away some unused paper. A drawer on the right hand side, after opening, there are many keys, all with small wallets, There are probably a dozen or so neatly. On this side, there is a stack of books, one or two books, almost fell down. I found a very small computer typewriter, very surprised. There is a photo of a woman at the table for lunch, a young man Come in for dinner, it seems that the table is his, I don't care about him. He is a bit foreigner, his hair is a little bit, his nose is sharp. I am reading a book, thinking about the rest in the next room. He did not go. He was talking to one person, as if he was an acquaintance. He said that he had just divorced, and that person said which one was, and saw that he saw a large building, and checked the documents at the door, as if It is a foreign student building. There are many foreign students and Chinese students. Many acquaintances meet and say hello. A foreign student pulls up on the door, everyone is better. Then go forward, many people move forward, as if Is going to the cafeteria"

What does this dream mean? Last night, I had a show on TV, showing the past costumes; yesterday morning, a friend showed me a portable computer. There is no other thread.

