---
title: 'Tuesday August 23rd'
date: '1994-8-23'
---

Participated in the academic seminar on China's modernization across the Taiwan Straits, jointly sponsored by the ARATS, the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences and the Taiwan Modernization Promotion Fund. Discussing management modernization, in fact linking politics and administration, most articles are within this scope. My role is to comment on an article discussing the modernization of management decisions.

I am speaking: First, we must discuss what is the concept of modernization. There is no conclusion now, and there are different opinions. It is social modernization, and it is also inconsistent, not to mention the concept of management decision modernization. Second, the scientificization of decision-making is often beyond the reach, because in real life, for a variety of reasons, decision-making is often not the most scientific, but the most reasonable, most acceptable, and most likely to be implemented. Under such conditions, we have to think. Decisions plus environment, time

And the value factor, the problem of modernization is complicated. Because there is no unified mode. What are the criteria for decision modernization? I am afraid to combine them for analysis. Third, there are many public opinions in the decision-making problem that cannot be resolved:

A correct decision cannot be denied that there may be another decision that can be more successful because there can be no duplication;

A wrong decision cannot prove that another scheme may be successful, because the successful scheme after the failure occurs in a changing environment, the environmental conditions are completely different, and the comparability is gone;

The basic elements of decision-making requirements cannot be exhausted. For example, knowledge, democracy, conditions and the future cannot be exhausted. Especially in the future, decision-making is basically aimed at the future, and the future is the most inexhaustible.

So, in the end, it can only be a relative concept. Therefore, the decision-making problem cannot be absolute. There must be a relative understanding and concept, but it is unscientific, especially for decision-making.

