---
title: 'October 20th Thursday'
date: '1994-10-20'
---

The Institute for Global Conflict and Cooperation at the University of California, San Diego sent a fax asking me to go to Hong Kong to attend an academic discussion meeting. The theme of the conference is very meaningful: the Chinese circle: regional results of the interrelationship between the People's Republic of China, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macao. This is discussed on the premise that China's economy will develop and that important changes will occur in Chinese communities. This change is believed to play an important role in the development of political economy and culture in this region.

The framework for the discussion topics at the meeting is:

Models of economic interaction between China, Taiwan, and Hong Kong, and their relationship with other Asia-Pacific economies;

Economic interactions between different industrial sectors, such as electronics or textiles;

The domestic economic and political significance of the economic interaction between the Chinese, Taiwanese and Hong Kong regions;

The role of economic opportunities in the Chinese circle in the economic and political role of Southeast Asian Chinese; Southeast Asian policy towards the Chinese community and policies for the Chinese;

The model of Asian Chinese business organizations and activities.

The influence of the Chinese circle on Asian cultural entities;

The significance of the Chinese circle for the distribution of economic and political power in the Asia-Pacific region.

These topics are very necessary to study. Some people now have no positive attitude towards the development of the Chinese economy and have a fear of China.

Let me make a paper on the impact of China's domestic economy and politics on China and Taiwan's Hong Kong policy.

Unfortunately, there is no time to go.

