---
title: 'October 30th Sunday'
date: '1994-10-30'
---

In the middle of the night, an MTV was placed on the TV. There was a popular song "You at the same table". Look at it and listen to it, and I remembered my childhood. Who was the same table at that time? There was no impression at all, and there was absolutely no such conception as "You at the same table." Only those who have just passed through that period of history will have such a profound feeling. Everyone likes this song and explains the existence of "you at the same table" in the minds of many people. The question is when does the "you at the same table" disappear? There is no "you at the same table" in the university. It can be recalled that men and women are no longer "planned, proportional" at the same table. Accidentally at the same table, it is accidental. Not accidentally at the same table, that is, not accidental, everything is clear. This kind of "you at the same table", both in primary and secondary schools, is not available in college. There is no need for such awkward emotional methods in the university. Everything becomes more direct, even bold, so it is difficult to make people feel deeply, and forever.

The emotions of the boyhood are probably the most cherished, because they are relatively pure and have not been affected by all kinds of material, cultural, living, life, money, and desires in society. The repercussions caused by "You at the same table" may be the emotions of this kind of emotion.

Continue to fill out the form, as if sorting out life.

