---
title: 'Thursday, November 3rd'
date: '1994-11-3'
---

Reading "The Suffering and Merry" in the early morning is a book that writes the old three, which is realistic and reflective. This class is a special class in China, a product of history, and they have created part of history. Most of them are their own psychological activities. At that time and now, as a historical record of China's history, it is valuable.

Some of the titles of the book are very philosophical:

The past is not a dream of roses

Thanks for suffering

Let the soul be exposed between heaven and earth

There is a period of life

Walking with history

We ignite the fire of civilization

Stone, Sisyphus, stone thinker and thought-provoking "stone"

History will understand us

Living like the sun

The world they have been to

Life is not checkers

Most of them are infiltrated with the spirit of history. All people are historians, and all historians are human beings. People are in history, history is in people; people are in history, history is in human history; history is in history, people are in human history; history is in human beings, people are In the history of history; whether people are in people, or history is in the history of history.

Friday, Sunday, December

In the evening, I printed the law school development plan, arranged according to the classification, and did not make too many modifications. Regarding the principle of academic development of the college, the part drafted by Z Jun has a little "spirit", such as:

"We are standing at the turn of the century. We should be sober and aware that the situation is compelling. Apart from meeting the challenges, we have no retreat. We should fully recognize the situation. Besides grasping the opportunities of a hundred years, we will never be better than this. The road to development. The challenge is also an opportunity. Seizing the opportunity and meeting the challenge is our only chance.

In the face of the drastic changes in the external environment, as long as we fully explore the resources with comparative advantages, we can provide the most solid foundation for the overall development of the law school. The resource endowment we have can only be academic. Academics are both the foundation of the Legislative Yuan and the road to strong institutions.

We must closely adjust the structure and strengthen academic research around the development of China's socialist construction, and take social needs as the starting point, fulcrum and destination of academic research.

In the country to achieve first-class or super-class level. All disciplines must pass the screening and adjustment of the subject, and produce high-quality products while giving full play to the advantages of the discipline. On this basis, the School of Law has formed several leading domestic academic product lines and established advantageous clusters. Through the academic cross-infiltration resonance, a comprehensive overall line effect of academic research in law schools is produced.

Aim and catch up with world-class standards. It is necessary to understand the latest developments in the academic field in the world; to capture new academic growth points; to give play to the comparative advantages of Chinese scholars in academic research.

Capturing new growth points in academic research at home and abroad; on the basis of multidisciplinary groups, conducting academic cross-combination to form an overall expansion advantage;

Ensure that priorities are prioritized. Disciplinary institutes must select academic development priorities, centralize resource allocation, and ensure priority development through project management.

Carry out theoretical and applied research, give full play to theoretical advantages, solve new problems, and propose new ideas for social development. The focus is on foresight and to strengthen trend research. Emphasis on methodological research. Encourage the use of new methods and tools for academic research. Adhere to the road of open research and strengthen interaction within and outside the school. "

Really able to use this spirit to promote, the college will have a promising future.

