---
title: 'November 6th Sunday'
date: '1994-11-6'
---

Looking at the draft of the draft Law School Development Strategy, the overall idea is: to meet the needs of the society as the center, and to promote the all-round reform and development of education, management, and social services with academic research as the fundamental approach and breakthrough.

The development of the college should be based on the following basic principles:

Demand-oriented principles. Our academic, educational, management and social services must meet the needs of society. Without this, the development of law schools has become a passive water and a wood without a foundation. First, we must adapt to the demand variables, and second, we must guide and create social needs.

Goal management principles. It is necessary to proceed from the overall situation of academic research, teaching, social service, and management of law schools, and allocate resources in a centralized and balanced manner according to the specific goals of development. First, we must fully guarantee the key items.

Development needs. The second is to conduct project management. Configure resources according to project needs. Academic projects can set up mobility positions. The third is to optimize management principles. Maximize resource utilization efficiency. Strengthen coordination, supervision and control of resource use.

The principle of increasing returns to scale. It is necessary to use academic research as a breakthrough to drive the entire line of disciplines. On the basis of the subject cluster, full cross-disciplinary, comprehensive, infiltration, division of labor and collaboration to achieve the scale of academic education management social services.

Open interaction principle. Through interoperability with social information, resource exchange and complementary advantages, we will promote the structural adjustment and overall advancement of academic, educational, and administrative management.

Coordinate development principles. It is necessary to pay attention to the recent adaptation, but also to pay attention to the long-term planning. On the basis of balance and coordination, we will accumulate advantages and achieve long-term development.

