---
title: 'November 8th Tuesday'
date: '1994-11-8'
---

Yesterday, a doctoral student awarded a degree ceremony. At 10 o'clock in the evening, I went to the Southern District to see three doctors wearing "Caps", and did not return until one o'clock in the morning. When you talk about learning, everyone is still interested. This is an emotional group.

Go to the Pudong New Area Social Development Bureau to open a forum, and entrust the research team to help them write the "Pudong Social Development Report." Many experts and government departments have come and made a lot of good comments. Regarding this social development report, everyone has different positions. Nowadays, the practice of writing development reports has become popular. This is good for decision-making. It can provide a broader theoretical thinking and data foundation for decision-making, while grasping the trend and trend. The general principles of things like development reports are:

Thematic and non-thematic ideology and non-ideology static and dynamic analysis of data and non-data measures and non-strategic guidance and non-directive heading and non-title inductive and non-inductive

During the meeting, a book entitled “Study on the Development Strategy and Planning of Social Development in Pudong New Area of ​​Shanghai” was published. There is an article that is worthy of development: establishing a people-centered social and economic development strategy, human resources is a very important investment. surroundings. All developments are ultimately for the development of human beings and at the same time the full development of human beings.

