---
title: 'Saturday, November 12'
date: '1994-11-12'
---

I saw President L today. He just came back from Japan and said that he visited the laboratory of the "Information Highway" in Japan.

Quite shocked. Japan has already launched an experimental plan for 300 people. According to the design, what Tofler calls "electronic cabin". By then, people will be working from home, all documents will be processed through the computer system, do not have to work in a unified office; people will study at home, can look at the national and even the world's best professors in the computer system Courses, you can talk in both directions, answer questions; people can shop at home, various products will be displayed on the computer, selected by the store after the selection; can be seen at home, a variety of drugs can be directly selected from the computer, X-ray Such treatment can be sent by special vehicles; people can choose hundreds of movies at home and broadcast them to the home by a unified processing system; people can choose TV programs around the world, which can be around 600 or so. Automatic translation of the cost of the national language; and so on. These are not very distant things, but things that have already been seen, have already come out, and some have already appeared. What was originally described in science fiction is about to become a reality.

The more important challenge is that they will change people's lifestyles, change the way society is managed, and change the way society is organized. If most of the office buildings are no longer needed, most of the newspapers are not needed. Most of the universities don't need them. Most large shopping malls don't need it. What happens? Simply put, it is employment. Structural problems. Thinking complexly, how will society manage it? How will the role of ideology exist? How will the government's management style change?

There should be a distant vision for this less distant prospect.

Today, the Shanghai TV Festival opened and the opening ceremony was held under the newly established Oriental TV Tower. The newly built Oriental TV Tower stands in the night sky and is spectacular under the illumination of lanterns.

