---
title: 'Monday, November 14'
date: '1994-11-14'
---

In the doctoral program, please ask L Jun about the relationship between the US market economy and the government, a topic closely related to our current development.

The basic argument is how to find a coordinated mechanism between the market economy and public politics, which have some conflicts in the basic logic. In this way, society can develop healthily and the market economy may become a stable economy. Generally speaking, the market economy is driven by the incentive of individuals to pursue interests, and politics must be based on the protection of the public interest. How to balance the logic of these two mechanisms is a problem that must be solved when developing a market economy. The basic approach is: there must be a system structure in the constitution, a proper system in the government setting, a clear procedure in the operation of the transaction, and a proper feedback and guarantee system in the overall mechanism. These are easy to generalize, but it is not easy to do it. In the development of the market economy, how to make institutional arrangements is the key link.

The cultural differences between China and the West are very different. The mechanism that can operate under the capitalist market economic system may not work in Chinese society and culture. Therefore, how to develop a set of Chinese market traits and cultural market economic system is not only an important contribution to the development of China's society, but also an important contribution to the development of the entire human society.

