---
title: 'Wednesday, November 16'
date: '1994-11-16'
---

Rereading Dewey's "People's Problems" in the early morning. Dewey is a pragmatist philosopher who has been criticized in the past. In the book Human Problems, there are some ideas that are instructive for political development. He pays more attention to political development and human development from the perspective of people. He believes that education is the most basic politicization process of a society. He quoted Wenn's passage: "Education is the most basic political security, and it is flooding outside this ship." From the perspective of political development, there have always been different entry points, such as from an institutional perspective. From a legal point of view, from a procedural perspective, from a human perspective. Different interpretations of history and society will be made from different perspectives. This is the subjectivity of political development. I believe that people are extremely important in political development. How the leading values ​​and principles of society are passed on to the next generation is a basic political project of society, because the greatest weakness of human beings is the inability to pass on the political ideas received by the previous generation to the next generation. There must be a social process. This process can only be done by education. What China needs is such a complete education. Of course, education must be able to achieve such levels and functions. First of all, it must have the basic belief of education. This may be a more difficult problem.

The students raised two questions: First, the issue of political loyalty, which is important in a benign development society. The other is the issue of administrative costs, which is also a problem worthy of study. In modern society, we must pay attention to the cost of administration. It is not a modern administration that does not pay attention to administrative costs.

