---
title: 'Saturday, November 19'
date: '1994-11-19'
---

Look at Oxenberg, director of the US East-West Center, in Hong Kong, speaking about China's future. His basic point of view is:

An optimistic attitude towards China's future, unlike other analysts, is pessimistic about China's development.

China's future leaders must have four conditions: First, they must have strong power responsibilities, and they must have strong power responsibilities to govern a big country; second, they must not be good old people, they must be firm and strong; third, they must have a vision, for China. The situation can be far-sighted; the fourth is to have a broad coordination relationship that can coordinate government agencies, the military and political parties.

The relationship between the central and local governments is important. There must be a more reasonable way to handle the relationship between the central and local governments.

The ruling party must have a capacity to absorb outstanding talents into the party and complete the internal reform of the party.

To establish a new moral system.

China will be strong in the international arena.

China's borders are vague, mainly due to the development of regional economy brought about by economic development.

China's future: Territory is vague, economy is strong, society is changing, and culture is worthy of pride.

This is an analysis. He is an expert on Chinese issues in the United States and is influenced by the value of the United States. We can only listen to it as a reference.

