---
title: 'Friday, November 25th'
date: '1994-11-25'
---

To the meeting of the special researcher of the Research Office of the Personnel Bureau of Gaoqiao, Pudong. Once a year, this year mainly discusses how to do research work next year.

The director of the research office talked about the basic idea: to establish the Institute of Public Administration and Human Resources into a theoretical research center, a policy consulting center, and a personnel technology center. The main topics include: training and research on leadership talents across the century, research on problems and countermeasures in the implementation of the national civil service system, research on modern enterprise personnel system, talent quality and development research in Shanghai in the new century, and contradictions and countermeasures in the operation of talent market Research and comparative research on human resource development. These topics are very valuable topics and have practical and theoretical significance for the development of Chinese society.

An important issue is the guiding ideology. In recent studies, people generally accepted the concept of "people-centered economic development", which is an inevitable idea after the development of social economy. When the economy is still not so developed, it is difficult to accept such ideas. Maybe there are factors in the level of Maslow's psychological needs. Paying attention to human development is an important ideal and value orientation of Marxism. China's development must also advance in this ideal orientation. What Marx said is not an abstract ideal, but the result of an examination of the developed commodity economy, including the inevitable logic of social development.

From the perspective of administrative management, in line with the profound changes in society and the development of the market economic system, we should study the theory of administration. The basic problems are:

Country and society

Government and business

Government and market

People and market

These are probably organic components of the basic theory of social development. The development of society begins with the driving force of material, the power of human beings in the middle, and the power of institutions. To establish a new system, we must solve these basic problems. This is not the whole problem, but at least it is the main problem.

