---
title: 'Monday, November 28th'
date: '1994-11-28'
---

Doctoral students class, today discusses "the model and path of China's democratic political development." Look at this issue from the perspective of historical development. A doctoral student attributed the clues of China's democratic politics to: No

Unbalanced development of democratic politics in a balanced society. Then four development processes were proposed: from intra-party democracy to social democracy, from urban democracy to rural democracy, from knowledge-intensive democracy to mass democracy, from grassroots democracy to overall democracy. It is an interesting generalization.

I talked about two ideas: First, when we analyze this problem, we must first "clean up" our value system. In modern times, the value system of the West has gradually entered China, and with the entry of Western material civilization, Western learning has gradually advanced. These values ​​have an inestimable impact on Chinese society, and even today's people are more or less affected by them when they look at problems. Especially in political analysis, our reference system is more or less "radiated" by Western value reference systems. We often don't have a clear sense of our own, even though we may try to clean up the value of the West, but "use it without feeling." The development of world politics and Chinese politics today shows that every society has its own development logic. Leaving this logic to talk about the political and social development of certain societies cannot lead to objective and appropriate conclusions. What we need more today is to discover new political values ​​from our own cultural traditions so that development can be closely integrated with the characteristics of social culture and the quality of the people.

Second, we must be soberly aware that people are easily tempted. People always yearn for it before their desires are satisfied. People are tempted by money, beauty, power, and many people are mortals. In the current state of development of Chinese society, such temptation is both a driving force and a resistance. Social progress and contradictions are often the result of a combination of multiple temptations. In modern times, the biggest temptation is the temptation of "democratic politics." All those who live in this historical period will be tempted by it. Although people have different interpretations and different understandings, it also gives it different functions, but its temptation is certain. Therefore, in the process of social development, we must effectively promote the development of democratic politics. Freeing people from this temptation, whether it is positive liberation or negative liberation, is an important condition for social stability.

