---
title: 'November 29th Tuesday'
date: '1994-11-29'
---

I finally got the "huge" form, which is a record application form with 157 pages. Because there are five papers in the appendix, the length is large, but it is terrible after all. Some people reach more than 200 pages, and there may be more. It is necessary to do this in order to win resources. I see that the forms for applying for scientific research in the United States and Japan are also quite complicated. Can you understand the true ability of a person?

The appendix contains the article "Total Social Resources and Social Regulation" written in 1990. In this article, a theory is proposed, namely "Apple Theorem":

"In a group of 25 people, if there are 50 apples, if the power is equal, each person should have an average resource. In this situation, public power can operate more freely. If 25 people have only 10 apples, suppose If the power is equal, if Apple is inseparable, then the contradictions and conflicts between the 25 people will be more intense than the former. Public power must make a choice on the premise that it is impossible to satisfy everyone. In the latter case, the public The operation of power can not only calm the contradictions, but also cause new tensions. Public power must maintain the necessary coercion to achieve social regulation. In the first case, public power must also impose coercion, but it is obvious that its compulsory theory can Weak than the second case."

Also add the historical accumulation of factors:

"Another important factor is the level of social wealth accumulation, that is, from what society expands the total amount of social resources. The level of social wealth accumulation marks the accumulation of total social resources in the past, and this accumulation layer often regulates society. It is decisive. It is assumed that there are two groups of people, if the group A gets an apple each time in the previous allocations, and the group B gets an apple each time in the previous allocation. There is an apple that can be allocated. The total amount of apples distributed this time is equal, but it has different meanings for the two groups of A and B. It has reached the distribution level of Group A, but the total wealth of Group B still has a history. gap."

The conclusion is two;

If the total amount of resources in a certain society is rich in various requirements, the operation of public power will have relatively comfortable and effective conditions; if the total resources of a certain society are poor in various requirements, the operation of public power may be more complicated and difficult. . If the total resources of a certain society are equal to various requirements, then the operation of public power will fall into the above two. Among the three states, the second and third objective coercion of public power is: the demand for public power is more artistic, and the scope of non-procedural regulation is bound to be broad. The first is less compulsory for public power, which facilitates its procedural regulation.

The same is true for different societies. Many societies have a history of wealth accumulation for hundreds of years, and the total amount of social resources has a historical surplus. Some societies have recently developed and have accumulated little history. Using social resources to meet people's needs is not only a reality but also a history.

This principle still applies.

————————————————————————————————————

